xrce-dds: add documentation for agent IP parameter (#2352)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/middleware/xrce_dds.md

The XRCE-DDS client module ([microdds-client](../modules/modules_system.md#microdds-client)) is included by default in all firmware and the simulator.
This must be started with appropriate settings for the communication channel that you wish to use to communicate with the agent.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@beniaminopozzan I think it is worth saying this up-front still. Otherwise you might think you need to do something on the simulator.

:::note
The simulator automatically starts the client on localhost UDP port `8888` using the default microdds namespace.
:::

```

:::

Once set, you may need to reboot PX4 for the parameters to take effect.
They will then persist through subsequent reboots.

You can also start the [microdds-client](../modules/modules_system.md#microdds-client) using a command line.
This can be called as part of [System Startup](../concept/system_startup.md) or through the [MAVLink Shell](../debug/mavlink_shell.md) (or a system console).

> This methods is particularly useful when you need to set a custom client namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is useful when you need to set a custom client namespace, as no parameter is provided for this purpose.
```
